Add KEB usage tutorials (#1119)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/kyma-environment-broker/08-02-deprovisioning-kyma-environment.md

> ---

Reviewer: Same as above

title: Deprovision Kyma Runtime through Kyma Environment Broker
type: Tutorials
---

> This tutorial shows how to deprovision Kyma Runtime on Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to deprovision Kyma Runtime on Azure using Kyma Environment Broker.
```

## Steps

> 1. Ensure these environment variables are exported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that these environment variables are exported:
```

```bash
export BROKER_URL={KYMA_ENVIRONMENT_BROKER_URL}
export INSTANCE_ID={INSTANCE_ID_FROM_PROVISIONING_CALL}
```

> 2. Obtain Authorization credentials as described in [Authorization section](./03-05-authorization.md). Export this variable based on chosen authorization method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Get [authorization credentials](./03-05-authorization.md). Export this variable based on the chosen authorization method:
```

```bash

> export AUTHORIZATION_HEADER="Authorization: Basic $ENCODED_CREDENTIALS"

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be `Authorization: {Basic OR Bearer}` as in the provisioning tutorial?

```

> 3. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker to delete a runtime on Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker to delete a Runtime on Azure.
```

```bash
curl  --request DELETE "https://$BROKER_URL/v2/service_instances/$INSTANCE_ID?accepts_incomplete=true&service_id=47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281&plan_id=4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c" \
--header 'X-Broker-API-Version: 2.13' \
--header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER"
```

A successful call returns the operation ID:

```json
{
    "operation":"8a7bfd9b-f2f5-43d1-bb67-177d2434053c"
}
```

> 4. Check operation state as described in [this tutorial](./08-03-keb-operation-state.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check the operation status as described [here](./08-03-keb-operation-state.md).
```
